sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=2.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 74 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=2.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 74 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=2.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=3.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 74 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=3.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 74 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=3.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=4.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 74 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=4.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 74 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=4.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=5.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 74 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=5.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 74 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=16,MAX=5.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=2.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 140 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=2.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 140 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=2.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=3.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 140 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=3.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 140 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=3.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=4.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 140 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=4.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 140 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=4.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=5.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 140 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=5.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 140 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=32,MAX=5.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=2.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 272 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=2.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 272 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=2.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=3.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 272 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=3.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 272 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=3.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=4.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 272 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=4.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 272 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=4.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=5.fixdl.p1.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 272 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=5.fixdl.p2.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 272 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/brp.pm.const.N=64,MAX=5.fixdl.p4.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 5 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=3,CrowdSize=10.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 51 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=3,CrowdSize=15.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 50 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=3,CrowdSize=20.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 50 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=3,CrowdSize=5.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 52 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=4,CrowdSize=10.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 62 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=4,CrowdSize=15.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 61 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=4,CrowdSize=20.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 61 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=4,CrowdSize=5.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 64 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=5,CrowdSize=10.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 72 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=5,CrowdSize=15.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 71 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=5,CrowdSize=5.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 74 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=6,CrowdSize=10.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 81 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/crowds.pm.const.TotalRuns=6,CrowdSize=5.fixdl.positive.pctl.fixdl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 83 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/egl.pm.const.N=5,L=2.unfairA.pctl.m.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 10 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/egl.pm.const.N=5,L=2.unfairB.pctl.m.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 10 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/egl.pm.const.N=5,L=4.unfairA.pctl.m.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 10 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/egl.pm.const.N=5,L=4.unfairB.pctl.m.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 10 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/egl.pm.const.N=5,L=6.unfairA.pctl.m.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 10 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/egl.pm.const.N=5,L=6.unfairB.pctl.m.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 10 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/egl.pm.const.N=5,L=8.unfairA.pctl.m.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 10 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/egl.pm.const.N=5,L=8.unfairB.pctl.m.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 10 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/nand.pm.const.N=20,K=1.reliable.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 240 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/nand.pm.const.N=20,K=2.reliable.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 400 iterations  and 0 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/nand.pm.const.N=20,K=3.reliable.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 560 iterations  and 1 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/nand.pm.const.N=20,K=4.reliable.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 720 iterations  and 2 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/nand.pm.const.N=40,K=1.reliable.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 480 iterations  and 4 seconds
sound-dtmc-logs/nand.pm.const.N=40,K=2.reliable.pctl.ex.sound.log:Sound value iteration took 800 iterations  and 20 seconds
